# Project Encore: BFG

A community maintained private server for the Big Fish Version of My Singing Monsters (v1.2.9).

This server was created to remedy the flaws of the recently publicized python server and the issues surrounding its development. It's faster, easier to extend, automates the entire process, does not rely on flawed (and seemingly controversial) libraries, and does not distribute proprietary assets.

The server aims for correctness in client and server responses, without extra features. The core gameplay loop is complete and stable. However, social functions, quests, and other auxiliary functions currently need implementation. Currently about 55% of server commands are implemented and working.

## Usage
**Before you start, you'll need:**
- **Your own copy of the Big Fish version of My Singing Monsters (v1.2.9).**
- **A copy or recreation of the dlc/ directory for 1.2.9.** The folder will live next to the binaries following the structure: `dlc/1.2.9/*`.
- A terminal/command prompt, and a few spare minutes.

### Downloading
Navigate to the [latest release](https://github.com/Paficent/BFGEncore/releases/latest) page. Scroll down and download the correct `.zip` file for your operating system. Extract the entire folders contents to its own directory.

### Run the setup wizard
Open the setup wizard either via a terminal or by double-clicking the setup binary. The setup wizard creates a preconfigured `config.json` (server settings), and ensures all the files are in place. Just read each screen and confirm the autogenerated answers are right for you. It will walk you through everything, including patching the game to connect to the server.

### Start the server
Run the server binary file (Linux users may have to run it via `sudo`). It should print out game commands and data. This file acts as the game server and the authorization server. Make sure to leave the window open, or the server will shutdown.

### Start the game
Launch your newly patched game and profit.

## Disclaimers

#### Legal

> This project does **NOT** distribute any proprietary assets or copyrighted material. Moreover, the entirety of this project was created by the legally protected action of reverse engineering (see Sega v. Accolade, Sony v. Connect ix, etc.). Server responses and databases are our best recreation of what a client would originally receive and contain only facts about how the game operates for interoperability reasons. No proprietary server or client source code was used to aid in the creation of this project. All trademarks, logos, and copyrighted materials are the property of their respective owners. This project is not affiliated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Big Blue Bubble.

#### License
> This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License (GPL). Any derivative works, modifications, or larger projects utilizing this software must also be released as open-source software under a compatible copyleft license. This software cannot be used in closed-source or proprietary commercial products, nor can it be used for commercial profit or monetization. For full terms and conditions, please see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

#### Warranty

> This software is provided "as is", without warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event shall the authors or copyright holders be liable for any 
claim, damages, or other liability arising from, out of, or in connection with the software.
